First, I wake up.
Then, I get dressed. I walk to school. 
I do not ride a bike. I do not ride the bus. I like to go to school. It rains. I do not like rain. I eat lunch. I eat a sandwich and an apple. I play outside. I like to play. I read a book. I like to read books. I walk home. I do not like walking home. My mother cooks soup for dinner. The soup is hot.
Then, I go to bed. I do not like to go to bed. Every 
year we go to Florida. We like to go to the beach. My favorite beach is called 
Emerson Beach. It is very long, with soft sand and palm trees. It is very beautiful. I like to make sandcastles and watch the sailboats go by. Sometimes there are dolphins and whales in the water! Every morning we look for shells in the sand. I found fifteen big shells last year. I put them in a special place in my room. This year I want to learn to surf. It is hard to surf, but so much fun! My sister is a good surfer. She says that she can teach me. I hope I can do it! At school Lucas goes to school every day of the week. He has many subjects to go to each school day: English, art, science, 
mathematics,
 gym, and history. His mother packs a big backpack full of books and lunch for Lucas. His first class is English, and he likes that teacher very much. His English teacher says that he is a good pupil, which Lucas knows means that she thinks he is a good student. His next class is art. He draws on paper with crayons and pencils and sometimes uses a ruler. Lucas likes art. It is his favorite class. His third class is science. This class is very hard for Lucas to figure out, but he gets to work with his classmates a lot, which he likes to do. His friend, Kyle, works with Lucas in science class, and they have fun. Then Lucas gets his break for lunch. He sits with Kyle while he eats. The principal, or the headmaster as some call him, likes to walk around and talk to students during lunch to check that they are all behaving. The next class is 
 mathematics,
  which most of the students just call math. Kyle has trouble getting a good grade in 
 mathematics,
  but the teacher is very nice and helpful. His fourth class is gym. It is just exercising. History is his last class of the day. Lucas has a hard time staying awake. Many lessons are boring, and he is very tired after doing gym.